we first spotted the ravallo our 302 CC
at the Miami Boat Show and it was an
interesting vote so when we found it
again at the South Florida yachts
display here in Palm Beach we said hey
let's take a close look at the details
now obviously this is a fishing hook but
Rivaldo gives you a lot to work with
check out the fact that you have two
live wells one here in the leaning post
and another back here in the corner and
look at that slick slide out cooler
right here you pull up in get this all
your drink the food but what I really
liked what I saw that really impressed
me is just pad right here when you load
your rods into these racks under the
tunnels your reels will rest against
these so they won't be banging apart
fibreglass all day console design is
another high point on this boat you can
see it's lower than one might expect
which makes it really easy for me to see
over top of it heck I'm seated right now
but you have to ask what does that do to
the consoles head compartment ah
well let's check it out by designing in
front console entry which scares it
actually allows ravallo to still
maintain plenty of room down there and
have an easy entry one final point I
want to make about this boat is it
Robalo
also makes it comfortable so the whole
family can come aboard you got plenty of
comfy seating you've got cup holders all
around it really is a family friendly
boat if you're looking for a 30-foot
center console this one very well might
belong on your shortlist bode insurance
at United marine underwriters were
simply the best at what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters